In this lecture I'm going to do the most medical modelling of hydraulic systems I'll discuss liquid
level systems because they are frequently used in process control the following figures shows the different
components of the hydraulic system.
This thing is being filled with water shrew evolve a city state floor rate Q capital is being changed
with a small amount Q Small live by the city seat height each capital is a change the small amount is
a small thing has a capacitance C and is connected to another valve which has a resistance or the flow
rate that exists from the valve as Q capital plus q small o enormous minigun mouldering we are considering
only Q Small as an A Smalls what I'm dealing was a steady state mouldering their existence R equals
to change and level difference over change in flow rate so for this involves a level difference is a
difference between the height before us evolve and afters evolve which is a small minus zero the change
in flow rate is the flow rate that runs in size evolve which is Q Small or so is a value equation is
each one as you equals two are Q all four is a capacitance C is a change in liquids stored over is a
change in head for this thing the change in head as the h by the T as we stated before and the change
in liquids stored as Q I minus Q All the equation was this thing is Q I minus Q o equals to C etch thought
let's see an example in this example we have to thank Stan Kwan was H1 Q AI is entering this tank and
this thing has a question C Well those are tank has 2 and c 2 and is being felt was Q1 Q2 runs out from
this think there are two valves was to resistance are 1 and are 2 for the first tank Q ie minus Q o
equals two C1 each one got the first valve etched before minus etch after equals 2 are times a Q which
runs in the valve.
So each one minus Edge 2 equals 2 Q1 times are 1 the second tank Q1 minus Q2 equals to see 2 times Edit
2 adult the second evolve hide before is 2 minus hide after is 0 equals 2 cuz it runs inside this valve
which is Q2 times evolve resistance which are 2 taking the plus transformation of these equations Q
ie.
Capital of S minus Q of S equals two C1 times H1 times s s capital 1 minus H capital 2 equals 2 Q capital
1 times are 1 q Capital One minus Q capital 2 equals to see to each two times S H two equals to Q2 times
are two.
Now let's throw the block diagram of these equations First we need to define what is the inputs and
output of this system is the input is Q AI and output is q to q AI is entering the block diagram minus
Q 1 produces C1 H1 s and to produce each one we will multiply by 1 over C1 s now subtract H1 from H
two so each to minus each one at 1 and minus an inch 2 in plus equals 2 q 1 times are 1 multiply by
1 over our 1 2 produce signal q 1 Now subtract signal Q2 from signal Q1 so Q1 minus Q2 is C two times
two times s multiply by one over a C two are two s to produce output Q2 now wearing all the feedback
signals Q2 which is multiplied by our 2 to produce H2 and finally is a Q1 signal.